If you do it now, you'll still come
Once we have reviewed your assets
And you are not compliant
Then we swear that the group will file a lawsuit against you
Okay, don't act
If you want to go to the bank with someone,
This head is going to die
Cheng Jun, why don’t you go there in person?
Who said I launched
Can you pay the 11% deposit?
form yourself
If you are qualified, don’t harm you in our family.
I also have a relationship with you eating together
Sir, since you don't want to push it out
Please top up your deposit
You don't dare either
You stayed in class
Sir, you only have 36 yuan in your card.8
36 yuan 8
The right man of our family
The salary of a small special agent is more than this.
Maybe this is all his stuff.
It’s really more than just the sky.
Are you open-eyed?
I really feel like I have ten of them.
Sir, are you kidding us?